Add Composite() to PubKey interface (#2825)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

* Go API

>   * [\#2825](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/2825) Add Composite() field to PubKey interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * \#2825 Add Composite() func to PubKey interface, which returns true if the pubkey is multisig
```
